##Tue. Feb 17th, 2016 -- Meeting with Ethan, Leo, and Hardik##


#### What we did:
	* Hardik & Ethan: worked on implementing part of the CFG
	* Leo & Ethan: Made a bunch of changes/fixed errors in the CFG. Finished the CFG
	* Hardik & Leo: Added tests
	* Hardik & Leo: Established handshake for the group

#### Next meeting:
	* Tomorrow 12:30-2:00pm --> work on grammar implementation, ask TA questions
